DDS: SpyCloud: Threat Intel Integration v1.0.0 (#23510)
DataDog/integrations-core: spycloud/README.md

## Overview
[SpyCloud](https://spycloud.com/) recaptures exposed identity data from the criminal underground, including breaches, malware infections, and phishing activity, and makes this raw stolen data actionable for security teams.

This integration collects the following indicator types:
- IP
- Domain

> Integrate SpyCloud with Datadog to enhance your security logs with threat intelligence, enabling analysis of matched IOCs through pre-built dashboards. Additionally, the integration can be used for Cloud SIEM detection rules for enhanced monitoring and security.

Reviewer: Tightening:

```suggestion
Integrate SpyCloud with Datadog to enrich your security logs with threat intelligence and analyze matched IOCs through pre-built dashboards. The integration also feeds Cloud SIEM detection rules.
```

Author: Done.

## Setup

> ### Obtain an API Key from SpyCloud Platform

Reviewer: Headings use sentence case. Also, this heading says "SpyCloud Platform" but step 1 below points users to the "SpyCloud Customer Portal" — let's keep them consistent.

```suggestion
### Obtain an API key from the SpyCloud Customer Portal
```

Author: Updated the PR.

1. Log in to your SpyCloud Customer Portal.
2. Navigate to the **API** tab in the sidebar.

> 3. In the **Keys** section, copy the **API Key**.

Reviewer: Datadog style uses lowercase "API key" since it's not a proper noun. (Same applies in line 23.)

```suggestion
3. In the **Keys** section, copy the **API key**.
```

Author: Done.

### Connect your SpyCloud account to Datadog

> 1. Provide the following details:

Reviewer: Step 1 doesn't tell the user where they are. Add a brief orienting phrase so it's clear they should be on the SpyCloud integration tile in Datadog.

```suggestion
1. In Datadog, on the SpyCloud integration tile, provide the following details:
```

Author: Done.

> 1. Provide following details.

Reviewer: Missing article ("the") and use a colon to introduce the table.

```suggestion
1. Provide the following details:
```

Author: Updated the PR.

   | Parameter | Description |
   | ---------- | ---------------------------------------------- |

>    | API Key | The API Key of your SpyCloud account. |

Reviewer: Lowercase "API key". Also, "for your account" reads more naturally than "of your account".

```suggestion
   | API key | The API key for your SpyCloud account. |
```

Author: Updated.

>    | Collect IP IOCs | Enable to collect IP IOCs. Enabled by default. |

Reviewer: The description "Enable to collect IP IOCs" repeats the parameter name. "Whether to..." is a clearer pattern for a toggle setting.

```suggestion
   | Collect IP IOCs | Whether to collect IP IOCs from SpyCloud. Enabled by default. |
```

Author: Updated.

>    | Collect IP IOCs | Enable to collect IP IOCs. The default value is true. |

Reviewer: "The default value is true" reads like a config-file value, but in the UI this is a toggle. Suggest "Enabled by default" for clarity.

```suggestion
   | Collect IP IOCs | Enable to collect IP IOCs. Enabled by default. |
```

Author: Done.

>    | Collect Domain IOCs | Enable to collect Domain IOCs. Enabled by default. |

Reviewer: Same rephrase as the row above.

```suggestion
   | Collect Domain IOCs | Whether to collect domain IOCs from SpyCloud. Enabled by default. |
```

Author: Done.

>    | Collect Domain IOCs | Enable to collect Domain IOCs. The default value is true. |

Reviewer: Same wording fix as above.

```suggestion
   | Collect Domain IOCs | Enable to collect Domain IOCs. Enabled by default. |
```

Author: Done.

   
2. Click **Save**.

## Troubleshooting

> Need help? Contact  [Datadog support](https://docs.datadoghq.com/help/).

Reviewer: Double space between "Contact" and the link.

```suggestion
Need help? Contact [Datadog support](https://docs.datadoghq.com/help/).
```

Author: Done.

## Overview
[SpyCloud](https://spycloud.com/) recaptures exposed identity data from the criminal underground, including breaches, malware infections, and phishing activity, and makes this raw stolen data actionable for security teams.

This integration collects the following indicator types:
- IP
- Domain

> Integrate SpyCloud with Datadog to enrich your security logs with threat intelligence and analyze matched IOCs through pre-built dashboards. The integration also feeds Cloud SIEM detection rules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Integrate SpyCloud with Datadog to enrich your security logs with threat intelligence and analyze matched indicators of compromise (IOCs) through pre-built dashboards. The integration also feeds Cloud SIEM detection rules.
```

Author: Done.
